Add edit tree lemmatizer (#10231)
explosion/spaCy: website/docs/usage/linguistic-features.md

lemmatizer also accepts list-based exception files. For English, these are
acquired from [WordNet](https://wordnet.princeton.edu/).

### Trainable lemmatizer

The [`EditTreeLemmatizer`](/api/edittreelemmatizer) can learn form-to-lemma

> transformations a training set that includes lemma annotations. This removes the

Author: ```suggestion
transformations from a training corpus that includes lemma annotations. This removes the
```

Reviewer: Fixed.
